


FILE_Info: conversion_img/nixon-memo2_page_1.jpg 


              DECLASSIFIE
E.O. 12958, as amended, Sect 3.5
WEC/ Seu bbls Ts_SoTh 0Y/0b/ ADIL

By £#< __Date_</

NATIONAL SECURITY COUNCIL
WASHINGTON, D.C. 20506

July 8, 1969
For sECRET
National Security Study Memorandum 64

TO: The Secretary of Defense

SUBJECT: U.S. Strategic Capabilities

As a result of National Security Council discussion of the U.S,
strategic posture, prepared in response to National Security Study
Memorandums 3 and 24, the President has directed that you prepare
a follow-on study as follows:

With respect to strategic nuclear attacks on the United States,
evaluate U.S. strategic forces projected through 1978 in terms
of (a) their capability to deter and respond to less than all-out
or disarming Soviet attacks, and (b) a range of possible war
outcome measures in addition to surviving population and industry,
such as surviving military and other economic assets, The analysis
should be based on both low and high Soviet force levels in the
National Intelligence Projections for Planning and on greater than
expected threats.

The analysis should include consideration of the actual and
required capabilities of the U.S, command and control system
under the postulated operational situations,

The study should also address the following questions:

-- What general strategic force levels and what types of
force mixes and force characteristics are indicated to improve

relative U.S, strategic capabilities as now projected?

-- What improvements, if any, seem indicated for our
programmed strategic command and control systems ?

-- Based on the analysis, what modifications or changes to
the criteria for strategic sufficiency should be considered?

-FOP-SEGREF



FILE_Info: conversion_img/nixon-memo2_page_2.jpg 


              The study should be forwarded to the NSC Review Group by
October 1, 1969. Close liaison should be maintained in all phases
of the study with the Office of the Assistant to the President for

National Security Affairs.
cc: The Secretary of State
The Chairman, Joint Chiefs of Staff

Director of Central Intelligence
Director of the Bureau of the Budget

FOR SECRET




FILE_Info: conversion_img/nixon-memo1_page_1.jpg 


              DECLASSUAED
EO. 12956, as amended Seer 3.58
VSC /Soubers ee 2.09 [06/2002
NATIONAL SECURITY COUNCIL
WASHINGTON, D.C. 20506

<a
Sm

-GONFIDEN FAL May 14, 1969

National Security Study Memorandum 56

TO: The Secretary of State
The Secretary of Defense
The Director of Central Intelligence
The Director, Office of Science and Technology
The Chairman, Atomic Energy Commission
The Chairman, Council of Economic Advisers
The Director, Arms Control and Disarmament Agency

SUBJECT: Uranium Enrichment Facilities

In connection with the Government's wider study of the
feasibility of alternative ownership arrangements for U.S.
enriched uranium production facilities, the President has
directed that the Political Military Group undertake a study
to investigate the national security implications of possible
forms of public and private ownership in the following terms:

-- their effect on the continued availability of highly
enriched uranium for U.S. national security purposes, and
the maintenance of adequate weapons materials inventories,

-- their effect on the availability of enriched uranium to
consuming countries who buy from the U.S., and

-- their effect on the dissemination of weapons materials
producing technology and special nuclear materials to potential
users, and thereby on the risks of nuclear weapons proliferation.

If appropriate, the Political Military Group should suggest

guidelines or criteria which minimize the national security risks
of each form of ownership.

CONFIDENTRAL




FILE_Info: conversion_img/nixon-memo1_page_2.jpg 


              CONFIDENTIAL
Representatives of the Atomic Energy Commission, Arms
Control and Disarmament Agency and Office of Science and
Technology will participate in the study.

The group's report should be submitted to the Assistant
to the President for National Security Affairs by May 19, 1969.

f
, :

Henry A. Kissinger
ce: Chairman, Joint Chiefs of Staff




FILE_Info: conversion_img/nixon-letter_page_1.jpg 


              -----Original Message----
From: Sackler, Dr Richard

Sent: Friday, April 13, 2001 4:14 PM

To: Goldenheim, Paul

Subject: RE: mtg at aps

Meeting with the leaders of the APS, APF, and other pain societies.

This is the meeting that Campbell and Foley wanted to happen at the APS, but we declined.

i want it to be in Stamford if possible, or NYC as a fallback. Our goal is to bind these
organizations more closely to us than heretofore, but also to align them with our expanded
mission and to see that the fate of our product(s) are inextricably bound up with the trajectory
of the pain movement.

Richard S. Sackler, M.D.
President, Purdue Pharma, L.P.
